You want to stop me
You will also be my enemy
Anytime
I wouldn't even be on your team
Chen Sheng, I brought security
Everything is up to you
Impossible proof here
Song Yingding, you are planning to hurt others
What do the police think?
What does society think?
What do fans think?
How can you have any fans?
How dare you hurt my brother?
I will definitely send you to prison
It's your turn to die, you think a mere security guard
Can you point to me?
He was clearly being constricted
What can't you buy with money?
Bah Tang Yao
You pay witnesses
How about your conscience?
You reject me
I don't know any of them.
Who told you he was a witness?
What Mr. Lu
Miss Pang
This person happened to be on duty in the monitoring room at the time of the incident
How about that?
Best Actor Song, your words and deeds have been photographed by surveillance
Do you want to plead guilty yourself or
110? Someone here is deliberately hurting people
Attempted murder
Soup Demon Me Soup Demon
We are not wrong
So far, you have not admitted your mistake.
Security brother
As long as you hand over the surveillance
We will keep you safe as long as you hand it over
In the name of Lu Enterprises
Keep you safe